Make additional stack component config options available as a setting (#1069)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/advanced-guide/pipelines/settings.md

  - [`WandbExperimentTrackerSettings`](../../component-gallery/experiment-trackers/wandb.md) to specify W&B settings.
  - [`WhylogsDataValidatorSettings`](../../component-gallery/data-validators/whylogs.md) to specify Whylogs settings.

For stack component specific settings, you might be wondering what the difference is between these and the configuration passed in while doing `zenml stack-component register <NAME> --config1=configvalue --config2=configvalue` etc.
The answer is that the configuration passed in at registration time is static and fixed throughout all pipeline runs, while the settings can change.

A good example of this is the [`MLflow Experiment Tracker`](../../component-gallery/experiment-trackers/mlflow.md), where configuration which remains static such as the `tracking_url` is sent through at registration time, while runtime configuration such as the `experiment_name` (which might change every pipeline run) is sent through as runtime settings.

> {% hint style="info" %}
> All ZenML default stack components however also allow you to specify default values for settings in their configuration. For example,
> you could set a default value for the `nested` setting of your MLflow experiment tracker:
> `zenml experiment-tracker register <NAME> --flavor=mlflow --nested=True`
> 
> This means that all pipelines that run using this experiment tracker use nested MLflow runs unless overwritten by specifying settings
> for the pipeline.
> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though settings can be overriden at runtime, you can also specify *default* values for settings while configuring a stack component. For example, you could set a default value for the `nested` setting of your MLflow experiment tracker:
`zenml experiment-tracker register <NAME> --flavor=mlflow --nested=True`

This means that all pipelines that run using this experiment tracker use nested MLflow runs unless overwritten by specifying settings for the pipeline at runtime.
```
